I feel like my brain works differently from most people.

I do know that I have Aphantasia - a difference in neurology which means I
cannot picture things in my head.
More accurately I guess this would be described as an inability to artificially
recreate the experience of the senses within my imagination - when I close my
eyes I see nothing, except, I can only describe as 'conceptually'. The same is
true for sounds, smells, touch and so on. People with Aphantasia often derive
unique or novel methods to interpret and understand the world in which we live,
and as it is a feature (not a condition) of our perception, many people with
Aphantasia do not realise until late in life that they have it - this includes
me. Therefore, they may have created highly competent alternative methods to
perform common tasks of the brain, which a 'minds-eye sighted' person would not
have needed to do, where instead they could have used the ability to simply
'see' things in their head. As you can imagine, this could affect how memory and
recall works, as well as many other functions of the mind - I am by no means a
scientist and have no deep understanding of neurology or other related
disciplines, so it would be remiss of me to assert beyond this, however I feel
the fact I have Aphantasia is likely the most impactful feature of my psyche
which explains the feeling I have; that I think differently from most others.
I have also pondered on other things, such as do I have ADHD for example, but
never taken any official tests.

This information is likely irrelevant to you and you are probably wondering why
I'm divulging this; well basically it is to provide some context into the
purpose behind this project. In other words, I feel it's necessary context,
though admittedly, I do not know how well it will translate my feeling and
understanding, and intentions, as well as I would like.
